Privacy Policy reworked (#139)
AntennaPod/antennapod.github.io: _i18n/en/general/privacy.md

AntennaPod is developed and maintained by individual volunteers and not represented by any legal entity.
The community has no interest in your data, and the app and website are fully EU-GDPR compliant for everyone.

## App permissions
The app requests the following privacy-relevant Android permissions:

- Read from/write to Storage (Photos/Media/Files)
  The storage permission is used and only requested when opening files not downloaded directly from within the app.
  It can also be used to import app settings or OPML files.
- Full network access, to download or stream content, or interface with services.
- View network connections.
- View Wi-Fi connections.
- Connect to Bluetooth devices.

> - Control vibration.

Author: Could link to the relevant code here.

## Data the AntennaPod app itself (not third-party services) collects, stores and processes locally
Other than third-parties, only data strictly necessary for the app to function is recorded, and only on the device.
This includes podcasts you follow, the app settings, and login data provided for specific podcasts or services (such as syncing services).
The app itself (not third-party services) does not insert advertisement libraries, or third-party tracking (analytics).

**Except for third-party services, all data provided and created when using the AntennaPod app is stored locally on your device.
This means your data is not sent or uploaded anywhere, except when the you search, or turn on third-party services in the app.**
When interfacing with third-party services, the app itself receives subscriptions and playback events provided by the respective services.

## App data third-parties collect, store and process

- Discovery and search services: When opening the Discover screen in the app, it sends a call to Apple to collect podcast suggestions.
They may store the query, including country (which by default is the device's country).

> These suggestions can be disabled by choosing "Off" in the region selector.

Author: I can't find this, and I would advice making it a default "Off".

> When using the search feature in AntennaPod, the services PodcastIndex.org, iTunes, fyyd, gpodder.net, mzstatic.com, and podnews.net, and omnycontent.com

Author: don't really know what the ones I added do, but they do connect when searching.

> When using the search feature in AntennaPod, the services PodcastIndex.org, iTunes, fyyd, gpodder.net, mzstatic.com, and podnews.net, and omnycontent.com

Author: ```suggestion
When using the search feature in AntennaPod, the services PodcastIndex.org, iTunes, fyyd, and gpodder.net
```
Don't really know what the ones I added do, but they do (try to) connect when searching. I didn't try it on a clean install, so it might be from podcasts I added.

- Syncing services: When turned on via the settings, AntennaPod syncs your data.
This data may include login credentials, subscribed podcasts, listened episodes, play, paused and favorite actions with date- and timestamps and your IP address.
Consult your provider's privacy policy (e.g. [gpodder.net's privacy policy](https://gpodder.net/privacy), or the one of your Nextcloud host).
- Podcast hosters: When provided in the podcast settings, a host receives the authentication data you provided.
Servers providing the podcast feeds might collect data in so doing, like your IP address, access time and content you download or stream.
Please refer to their respective privacy policies for details.
You can view the URL of a podcast by opening the podcast and pressing the 'Info' icon.
AntennaPod does not allow any remote servers to set cookies.
The servers can detect the fact that you are using AntennaPod and which version of AntennaPod you are using (HTTP user-agent).
If multiple podcasts are hosted on the same server, the server can detect the list of podcasts hosted on that server you are subscribed to.

> This might happen if publishers use FeedBurner, Podtrac or similar services to distribute their feeds.

Author: ```suggestion
This happens if publishers use FeedBurner, Podtrac or similar services to distribute their feeds.
```
?

- Backups: (If turned on in "Settings → System → Advanced" in the device settings) Android saves copies of device data on the server of your chosen provider.
This will contain private info, including your Wi-Fi passwords, messages and call history.

> It also includes data from AntennaPod and from other apps you use.

Author: Could make a summary of what this includes for AntennaPod.
